Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
Stop! Stop it!
Help me!
Please. help me! Stop it!
Kahina! I'm closing!
How much longer?
- Where to?
Belleville.
- I won't take you there. it's too far!
Isn't that in Paris?
- Yes it is...
...but it's way across town and
I've been driving since Marseille.
What time tomorrow?
- I'm on a two weeks vacation.
Two weeks?
- That's right.
Where are you going?
- To bed.
Sleep tight then.
Lucky bitch!
Is this it?
- Yes. can't go further.
Get out. come on... out!
Easy with the door!
Goodbye.
Have you called your boss?
- I called you first.
Who found him?
A reindeer farmer.
I got his details.
Have you classified it confidential?
The moment I got the call.
The pilot?
We got a second set of prints.
It's probably the pilot.
I see you were looking for the rest of it.
Over there it's a piece of the head.
We need a tent. to save it for forensics.
We don't have tents this large.
Are you ok?
Just something I ate.
Hi. it's Burlin.
Yes. all good.
A couple of miles north of Kiruna.
It's hard to say.
If I'm leading this I'm gonna need
some good assistant.
I was thinking of Ulrika.
Finland? Ah. right... shit!
Anders Harnesk?
Ok. send him here as soon as possible.
Ok. thanks.
What the hell are you doing?
Well... it was open...
Get out of here or I'll call the police.
- Ok... the thing is...
Tomorrow it's Midsummer's...
I promised my daughter she could throw a party.
When she don't get what she wants
she gets a bit difficult to handle...
To her this party is very important.
My kitchen broke and all shops are closed...
Wait... this is not a general store.
How much...
- 1000.
I don't have 1000 crowns on me!
- No problem. I'll accept cards.
"Anders Harnesk".
Hi. Yes. I'm almost finished with
the report on that poaching case.
Burlin said that?
Ok. I'll send the report and be right there.
Done.
- Good.
What about forensics?
- Who knows when they gonna come... go up.
What do you see?
- Suit. black shoes. white shirt.
No rings. no wrist watch.
Peed himself.
Check the pockets.
No longer a "visual inspection" then?
- Whatever.
A paper.
- What kind?
Gum.
Here's something.
Air France.
A boarding pass?
- Seat 2. Bertil. CDG.
CDG? What city is that?
"Charles de Gaulle"...
...Paris.
Hey. Kahina!
We're going out. are you coming?
"You reached Kahina Zadi. I can't answer right now. please leave a message".
Yes?
May I speak to you?
- And you are...?
Can I come in?
- Excuse me?
What is it that you want?
Can I come in?
- No. you can't.
Wait!
I'm not your brother.
Burlin here. Call forensics and Lulea homicide.
Tell them we have a name.
Bye.
Hi.
Is the head missing?
- Not all of it. We found teeth. we can get prints.
Anders... I'll be honest with you.
I asked for Ulrika first.
- Ulrika is good.
Me and her worked together in the past
but now she's on a case in Finland.
Anyway...
...I'm happy to have you
as assistant on this case.
We got a warrant out for the pilot?
- Soon as we know the name.
I called but no one answered.
What about the rest of my schedule?
I gotta be in court next week...
Screw court! You're with me now.
we work on the field. ok?
There's the teeth.
What do we know about the victim?
- The guy's name seems to be Pierre Carnot.
Air France just sent his details.
Call the French embassy.
Tell them we have one of theirs.
Classified as homicide?
- I think there's little doubt.
Unless you have a different theory.
How did you get here?
Hitchhiked.
How did you find me?
Who gave you the address?
Mom... I mean. grandma.
How is she?
Fine.
Why did she tell you...
- Who you are?
I've been expelled from school.
She said she can't look after me anymore.
she's too old.
Isn't that you?
What do you want?
- I don't know...
A glass of water?
There.
Where to?
- I don't know.
Yes?
- Why do you answer? You're on vacation.
Why do you call then?
- Just checking how you're doing.
Are you getting some rest?
Cut it out. What do you want?
The name 'Kiruna'... rings any bell?
It's a mining town.
north of the Arctic Circle.
Russia or Finland?
- Sweden.
And...?
- They're looking into the murder of a French man.
He's been killed in a peculiar way.
I know we should leave you alone
now that you're finally on break...
...but the place. the brutality of the murder...
I want YOU to look into this.
Sure? You have no obligation.
- I'm sure... I'm sure.
Catch you later.
Now I know where to go.
"The perpetrator. still unknown. tied the victim to the rotor of an helicopter.
Death was caused by the rotation".
I appreciate you all being here
on such a short notice.
All three shifts.
Unfortunately there's no milk.
Criminal Police is on its way.
While we wait. I'll brief you on the situation.
We have 2-men shifts to cover about 1/5 of the Swedish territory.
We all know this alone is practically impossible.
But after seeing what I saw...
...I'm gonna have to ask you for more.
To demand for more. in fact.
I think we are facing a murderer.
or murderers.
like were never seen around here.
or in the rest of the Country.
Thorndal. Anders.
The pilot is still at large.
but soon as we get to know his name...
Big jump from parking tickets. uh?
- No bullshit. please.
Are we clear?
Good... go on.
Inspector Zadi.
I have to check Pierre Carnot's apartment.
Hope you took your shoes off.
- Have you found something?
Rented already furnished.
but he wasn't here all the time.
A couple of days a week or in the weekends.
He drank coffee. brushed his teeth. loved fishing.
When is forensics coming?
- Before lunchtime.
He was doing pretty good.
- Yes he was.
You flight leaves at noon.
I want daily reports and no embassy involvement.
You have access to Salvac and Anacrim
and will cooperate with the Swedish.
Police won't lead the investigation.
a procurator will.
Foreign police cannot bring weapons along.
but I'll see you get one over there.
I like your new style.
- Thanks.
How many you have?
Three gas-fueled and a larger one.
Employees?
- None. but we have 3 pilots who fly for us.
No one was flying yesterday?
- No.
Maybe one of them does some little work on the side?
- I wouldn't know.
Of course you wouldn't.
that would be illegal.
But if I happened to ask the same question
to some pilot here in Kiruna...
...who doesn't work for you and doesn't know
I'm a procurator... what would be the answer?
I...
I think I saw Henrik here last night.
Henrik Kam-bo?
- Yes. Kambo.
Thanks. Do you also manage
on-line booking?
Where's your computer?
- Why?
Thorndal will have to take it.
- Did Henrik do something?
I'll take this too.
French police already sent an inspector over.
He'll get here today.
He's from the OCRVP.
No less.
- You know them?
Yes. high profile cases.
- Do they have a foreign section too?
Don't know... but if the French send a policeman.
it's always from that office.
Last time I worked with a foreign cop
was that mountain incident.
That was an English cop.
it was a damn circus.
"Bordel".
- What?
That's what the French say when all goes tits up.
"Quel bordel".
Anders...
Don't listen to what policemen say.
Nevermind. You don't become prosecutor
to be popular.
Don't let them walk over you.
- If they don't weigh much. who cares?
Homicide squad is coming.
Before I meet them. I have a favor to ask you.
What?
- See that burner back there?
No need to take your shoes off.
Leave it here. I'll move it later.
Hey. already up?
- It seems so.
What time will people start coming?
- 7pm obviously.
She's usually here for 2 weeks.
but Josefin's on vacation this whole month.
Something to drink?
I got yogurt.
New flavor. pomegranate.
Good for the stomach. try it.
Good. isn't it? It's also good for your prostate.
You should rest a couple of hours.
- I don't need...
Just sleep for two hours.
I'm going down to the Station...
..for a little briefing and to see this French.
See if you can think of
some French contacts we might have.
I'm taking this to go.
- Thanks for your help. Rutger.
Hi. P. O.
Hi. Rutger. You have a guest in the sewing room.
- A guest?
Room 204.
Rutger Burlin.
So... what is this about?
Is there something you wanna tell me?
Nothing... but something DID happen...
It hasn't happened yet.
but it's about to.
Got it?
You're gonna do exactly what I tell you.
Chief Prosecutor Burlin.
Well... I just came to tell you...
the French cop will land in about 20 minutes.
Hi. Kajsa.
- Hi. - Thanks. Anders.
So... I'm just gonna go now.
"Something that it's about to happen".
God... it just came out of me...
Oh. God...
Come here. Kajsa. Sit.
You know what? Hail to us!
- Hail to us!
I gotta hang up. they're here.
You speak French?
So Renault is here only in winter.
No activity during summer?
Where's the wine?
The trains that haul the iron are French. right?
I know they cost a fortune.
Is this all?
Three bottles.
More than a glass each!
No one drinks only one glass!
- Yes. if I'm paying. I'm on the phone!
Ah. they're Swiss.
I had no idea.
Could you sum it up in an e-mail
for me and Burlin?
Ok. thank you.
Jessika!
I'm a prosecutor.
I can't serve alcohol to minors!
Hi. They're coming!
Here. water!
I'm good!
Shall I ask for a quad for when we go back?
Shut up and close the door!
"The valley is blooming.
fragrance in fields and hills."
"Join me in this journey
through joyful spring."
"Each day is like a golden cup
filled with wine."
"Drink. my friend. from the sun and perfumes
because this day is yours."
Jessika is nice.
Her father though...
A creep!
- You know what my mom told me?
Help!
His foot is missing!
Kambo...?
It's Kambo!
Hold tight!
- I know!
Hurry up. dammit!
It's gonna be alright.
We have to move!
- I got it!
How long til Kiruna?
- 18 minutes.
We don't have 18 minutes!
- I could fly over the Kebne...
...although I don't like those clouds.
Take the quickest way!
- Ok.
Faster!
- Go!
What did you say?
I can't hear you!
Tell me!
Sorry for everything. Thanks for
everything. Hail to us. YOUR WIFE.
The French has been settled in.
- Good.
I was thinking... it's a long way
back to Gällivare.
There's a bed in the consultant's office
but you can use our guest bed if you like.
Guest bed?
That'll be perfect.
Me. I'm going home to check
if they managed to set fire to it.
Yes. you go home.
What happened with Kajsa was...
We've been having some problems lately.
so we went to see a therapist.
Josefin wanted us to see one too.
- For very different reasons though. right?
The therapist advice was...
...to be a little more 'kinky'.
You gotta forgive us...
- Of course. no problem at all.
Call Kajsa.
she can sleep here as well.
Let's not push it now.
- No...
Go home.
- I'll see you later. Thanks for earlier.
Connection between the pilot and Carnot?
- Don't know yet.
It's 1 in the morning now.
see the light?
How can they sleep...
They sleep all winter. isn't that enough?
- Maybe.
Did you get the file?
- Wait.
Yes. with the photograph.
I'll send it to the prosecutor.
The passport picture is our only trace.
There's gotta be something else.
I keep looking.
- Ok. I'm going to sleep now. goodnight.
Let's make a toast!
Hi sweet.
Party effects?
Promise not to tell mom.
I promise...
...not to tell her
you're drunk from one glass of wine.
How did the party go anyway?
- Fine.
There's something I wanna tell you about.
You might be disappointed.
or even angry.
I don't know what you heard...
people talk a lot in small towns.
You might wonder why I don't see other women
after mom...
Get it out.
Get it all out.
I can't see anything!
There's traces on the ground.
Seems like rocks and logs had been... moved.
Yes... moved.
Why?
It's me. Still sleeping?
- Naturally... how are you?
All good. the usual circus.
I miss you.
When are you coming home?
Anders is lending me his guest room.
I got your text.
Hail to us. huh?
- Hail to us.
Rutger! Get back on the phone!
Where are you. Rutger?!
Kajsa. call an ambulance!
I think Rutger is having a stroke!
Reenstiernagatan 3A. Call now!
Rutger. look at me!
Look at me!
Help!
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org